Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Tuesday 21st March 2023  
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 21/3/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Design doc
- Failed review
- Progress has been made since review
- Release with a note which sections need work
- feedback will be 1st week of easter
ACTION: TPR3, JAB153, WIA14, MJS36

2. Test spec feedback
DONE
ACTION: MIB60, ABD15

2. GUI
- Integration with backend
- Coversion to XML code
- Fix movement
- Saving and loading
- Use of spike code
- Vaild moves
- Changes to UI spec
ACTION: ABD15, BIY1, MJS36

4. Unit testing
- More unit tests need to be completed
- Errors with current unit tests need to be addressed
ACTION: LVS1

5. Saving and loading
- Needs to be integrated with the rest of the program
- Write Unit tests for saving and loading
- Check and Checkmate
ACTION: MIB60


New business 
============
7. Code issues to be assigned on GitLab
- Fix movement
- Saving and loading
- Use of spike code
- Vaild moves
- Coversion to XML code
- Write Unit tests for saving and loading
- Check and Checkmate
- Comments and authors for all code
ACTION: ALL

8. QA code review
- Week before integration week
ACTION: ALL

9. Deliverable reports
- The End-of-Project Report (MJS36)
- The Project Test Report
- The Project Maintenance Manual
- The Personal Reflective Report (optional)
- Details for how to write each document are in SE.QA.10
ACTION: TPR3, JAB153, WIA14, MJS36

AOB 
=== 
none
