Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Tuesday 25th April 2023  
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 25/4/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Design doc
- Feedback and notes taken
- Thursday 27th 10-12 QA
ACTION: TPR3, JAB153, WIA14, MJS36

2. GUI
- Integration with backend NOT DONE *Prioity*
- Fix movement NOT DONE
- Vaild moves NOT DONE
- Changes to UI spec NOT DONE
ACTION: ABD15, BIY1, MJS36, TPR3

4. Unit testing
- Errors with current unit tests need to be addressed NOT DONE
ACTION: LVS1, TPR3

5. Saving and loading
- Needs to be integrated with the rest of the program DONE
- Write Unit tests for saving and loading DONE
- Check and Checkmate DONE
ACTION: MIB60

6. Overview of dealines
- Thursday 27th 10-12   : QA Design doc deadline
- Booked rooms so far   : Tuesday group study room 5
- Thur 4th May 12pm     : Code review deadline
- Mon 8th May           : User manual deadline
- ??? May               : End of project report deadline
- Thursday 27th 10-12   : UI QA doc deadline
ACTION: ALL


New business 
============
7. System tests class
- Basic framework comleted
- As many system test classes as possible
ACTION: LVS1, TPR3

8. Breakdown of how this week and integration week
- 10AM tomorrow Library 4 hours
- Backend & frontend integrated
- Menu UI incosistainces
- Avoid soft lock by checking if King is on board
- Check checker line 62
- Send email about location to chris
- Book monday for integration week
ACTION: ALL

AOB 
=== 
none
