Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Tuesday 7th March 2023  
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 7/3/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Test spec
- We reviewed the review minutes and part of the document itself
ACTION: TPR3, MJS36, ABD15, MIB60

2. Design doc tasks
- Move the design spec review to 1 in the afternoon for next week
- Cross check against SEQA5 to make sure we don't make the same 
mistakes
- Unit test classes need to be in there
- XML packages will also need to be added
ACTION: TPR3, JAB153, WIA14, MJS36

3. Code work
- Went over code to show formatting and update everyone on progress
ACTION: MJS36, BIY1, ABD15, MIB60

4. Unit testing
- Let Lance handle Unit testing
ACTION: TPR3, LVS1

5. Algorithims presentation
- Adbdullah will send in his draft to use as guide for the Design doc
ACTION: ABD15

6. XML work
- Disscussed work as a group with XML examples
ACTION: MIB60


New business 
============
7. GUI
- Use scene builder to mock up XML version of GUI based on UI spec
ACTION: ABD15

8. Finish off backend
- Castling needs to be done
- Moves method
- Check/Checkmate
- En passant
- Promotion
- Javadoc formatting
ACTION: MJS36, MIB60, BIY1

9. New unit testing tasks
- Lance can now work on the unit testing on his own
- He will add his unit tests to gp02-project\dev\chesstutor
ACTION: LVS1

10. No supplementry meeting this week
- All subjects and tasks needed to be covered were covered during
the tutorial
ACTION: TPR3

AOB 
=== 
none
