Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Tuesday 7th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Chris Loftus 
Date of minutes: 7/2/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- abd15: Abdullah Durrani
- biy1: Bilal Yousufzai
- jab153: Jack Book
- lvs1: Lance Sebastian
- mjs36: Michael Stamp
- mib60: Michah Barendse
- tpr3: Thomas Roethenbaugh
- wia14: Will Abbott

Matters arising 
===============
1. One or two people to read SE.QA.04 and start working on UI specification
by making a list of possible use cases based on the requirements document.
Also UC diagram done
DONE
ACTION: LVS1, TPR3, WIA14

2. Everyone must watch the Panopto recording on how to build the UI specification.
Done
ACTION: ALL

3. Everyone must read the group project introduction document and the 
requirements specification. 
Done
ACTION: ALL

4. One or two people to read SE.QA.06 and to 
start making system tests for the test specification.
DONE
ACTION: ABD15, MIB60

5. One or two people to think about implementation â€“ what kinds 
of code will you need? What are the difficult problems? 
Did some initial coding
DONE
ACTION: MJS36, TPR3

6. One or two people to try starting to program the on-screen display: 
that is get up to speed with javafx. 
DONE
ACTION: LVS1, MJS36, TPR3

7. Someone to look into the documents SE.QA.01, 02 and 03, 
and to explain how QA works on the project.
DONE
ACTION: BIY1, JAB153

8. Start thinking about who should be project leader and quality
assurance manager and their deputies.
QA manager: Thomas, QA deputy: Abdullah
Project leader decided tomorrow
ACTION: ALL

9. Blogs for next tutorial. To be added to gitlab the
day before the tutorial.
Status?
ACTION: ALL

10. Internal meeting discussed: Wednesday libray. After 1pm. 
Will confirm on Discord. Will book room. ACTION: TPR3: DONE!
1:30pm Group study room 6, 1st Feb
DONE

11. Comms mechanism to use: own Discord server. 
YES
ACTION: MJS36

New business 
============
12. UI specification
- More detail
- UC descriptions
- UC diagram add to spec
- UI prototype screens
ACTION: LVS1, TPR3, WIA14

13. Test specification.
- More tests
- Fix history
ACTION: ABD15, MIB60

14. Implementation issues 
- Research different algorithms for check/checkmate
- 
ACTION: MJS36, TPR3, ABD15

15. javafx. 
- SceneBuilder, CSS ....
ACTION: LVS1, MJS36, TPR3

16. Project leader. Decide tomorrow
ACTION: ALL

17. Read SE.QA.07/08 and present to group.
ACTION: ABD15, BIY1

AOB 
=== 
18. Shared intellij project: 
ACTION: TPR3
