Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members, plus project manager except BIY1
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Tuesday 14th March 2023  
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 14/3/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Design doc tasks
- Move the design spec review to 1 in the afternoon for next week
- Cross check against SEQA5 to make sure we don't make the same 
mistakes
- Unit test classes need to be in there
- XML packages will also need to be added
ACTION: TPR3, JAB153, WIA14, MJS36

2. GUI
- Use scene builder to mock up XML version of GUI based on UI spec
ACTION: ABD15

3. Finish off backend
- Castling needs to be done
- Moves method
- Check/Checkmate
- En passant
- Promotion
- Javadoc formatting
ACTION: MJS36, MIB60, BIY1

4. New unit testing tasks
- Lance can now work on the unit testing on his own
- He will add his unit tests to gp02-project\dev\chesstutor
ACTION: LVS1

5. XML work
- Disscussed work as a group with XML examples
ACTION: MIB60


New business 
============
6. Design doc tasks
- Coding team detail for interfaces
- State diagrams?
ACTION: JAB153, TPR3, MJS36

7. Group meeting 1 group study room 2
- Everyone should attend
ACTION: ALL

8. Board GUI
- Board ready
- Clickable pieces
- Get vaild moves
ACTION: ABD15, BIY1

9. Unit Tests
- More tests
- All piece tests
ACTION: LVS1

10. XML
- Saving and loading working
- Writing into the design doc
- Link with the GUI team with replays (UC03)
ACTION: MIB60

11. Feedback UI
- Needs finishing this week
ACTION: TPR3

12. Design doc review
- Moved to Monday
- Still lots of work to be done
ACTION: TPR3

AOB 
=== 
none
