Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except Bilal Yousufzai
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Tuesday 20th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 21/2/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. UI specification
- Add example users (DONE)
- List of each error condition (DONE)
- Add more use cases (DONE)
- Make use case list unified (DONE)
- Slides for each use case (presentation) (DONE)
- Visual UI (presentation) 
- Use case diagram (this should be done last) (DONE)

- Change order of use cases so that it flows
better in the UI presentation
- Properly referencing chess.com/checking if we can use
their UI
ACTION: LVS1, TPR3, WIA14, JAB153

2. Test specification
- Fill test specification with use cases (DONE)
- Fill the Software Engineering Test Specifications FR test table
ACTION: ABD15, MIB60

3. Implementation
- Research different algorithms and data structures to present to
the group.
- Start the code project (DONE)
ACTION: MJS36, ABD15, BIY1

4. UI specification document & presentation review
- Wednesday 22nd February at 11:00AM in group study room 4 
ACTION: LVS1, TPR3, WIA14, JAB153, MJS36

5. Test specification document review
- Wednesday 1st March at 01:00PM in group study room 8
ACTION: TPR3, MJS36, ABD15, MIB60

6. Problems with blogs 
- Problems with dates
- Strange formatting
- Overview of what a blog should look like
- Overview of when it should be done by
ACTION: ALL

7. Problems with repo commits
- Seperated commits
ACTION: ALL

New business 
============
11. Change UC06 promotion (Visual UI)
- Needs to not cover the 
ACTION: JAB153

12. Remove use case for toggle button (UC20)
- No longer needed
ACTION: TPR3

13. Add new use case diagram
- Update current one to be in line with new changes
ACTION: LVS1

14. Add to presentation a prompt for each player's turn
- Make it clearer in the presentation who's turn it is
ACTION: JAB153

15. Change timetable of reviews and meetings
- Add another meeting for week the test document week
ACTION: TPR3

16. Seperate minutes folders
- Minutes need to be seperated based on if tutorial or meeting etc
ACTION: TPR3

17. Saving and loading xml files
- Research on how to save and load files based on xml data
ACTION: MIB60

AOB 
=== 
NONE
