Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Tuesday 18th April 2023  
Circulation list: All project members except Bilal and MIB60, plus project manager
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 18/4/23 
Version: 1.2

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Design doc
- Thursday 27th 10-12 QA
ACTION: TPR3, JAB153, WIA14, MJS36

2. GUI
- Integration with backend NOT DONE
- Coversion to XML code N/A
- Fix movement NOT DONE
- Saving and loading DONE
- Use of spike code DONE
- Vaild moves NOT DONE
- Changes to UI spec NOT DONE
ACTION: ABD15, BIY1, MJS36

4. Unit testing
- More unit tests need to be completed DONE
- Errors with current unit tests need to be addressed NOT DONE
ACTION: LVS1

5. Saving and loading
- Needs to be integrated with the rest of the program
- Write Unit tests for saving and loading
- Check and Checkmate
N/A 
ACTION: MIB60


New business 
============
6. Overview of Easter progress
- DONE
ACTION: MIB60, TPR3, LVS1

7. Overview of what needs completing
- Thursday 27th 10-12 QA Design doc
- Book rooms for Integration week 10-4
- Thur 4th May 12pm code review
- Mon 8th May manual
- Mike report Fri 5th May
ACTION: ALL

AOB 
=== 
none
