Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Supplementry Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except BIY1
Place and date of meeting: Group study room 2, Tuesday 15th March 2023  
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 15/3/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Design doc
- Sequence diagram needs "newWindow()" method
- Michael will write significant algorithims
- Abstract classes
- Add new column "method type"
ACTION: TPR3, JAB153, WIA14, MJS36

2. GUI
- Issues with code formatting
- Issues with screen size and resizing
ACTION: ABD15, BIY1

4. Unit testing
- More unit tests need to be completed
- Errors with current unit tests need to be addressed
ACTION: LVS1

5. Saving and loading
- Needs to be integrated with the rest of the program
ACTION: MIB60

6. Program integration
- All new work will be kept in the chess tutor folder
- Discussion on how to integrate various sytems (GUI, backend etc)
ACTION: ALL


New business 
============
7. System tests
- A new class will be created which will be used to help with
system tests by creating a simulated game to work from
ACTION: ALL

AOB 
=== 
none
