Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Supplementary Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except Bilal Yousufzai (Had an industrial year 
interview), Jack Book (Did not respond to Discord messages), Lance Sebastian (extra curricular activity)
Place and date of meeting: Group Study 6, Wednesday 01st February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh
Date of minutes: 01/02/23 
Version: 1.1

- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh
- WIA14: Will Abbott

Matters arising 
===============
1. Establish each team member's tasks and what their plan is to complete them
We went over each role we agreed to in our tutorial and then agreed on each persons plan
of action from there.
ACTION: ALL
- abd15: Adbdullah Durrani - Will work with Michah to develop a presentation on what tests will need to be carried out
- biy1: Bilal Yousufzai - Undefined
- jab153: Jack Book - Undefined
- lvs1: Lance Sebastian - Undefined
- mjs36: Michael Stamp - Start experimenting with JavaFX and work with Will & Thomas to see if design is possible
- mib60: Michah Barendse - Will work with Adbdullah to develop a presentation on what tests will need to be carried out
- tpr3: Thomas Roethenbaugh - Work with will to create design and start PowerPoint
- wia14: Will Abbott - Work with will to create design and start PowerPoint

2. See who is interested in becoming Team lead & QA lead as well as who will be their deputies
Leadership roles were disscused but it was decided that we would wait to vote. Thomas Roethenbaugh
was put forward as the possible QA lead & Michael Stamp put himself forward to deputy. Will also
expressed interest in a deputy position.
ACTION: ALL
- abd15: Adbdullah Durrani
- biy1: Bilal Yousufzai
- jab153: Jack Book
- lvs1: Lance Sebastian
- mjs36: Michael Stamp - Possible QA deputy (TBD)
- mib60: Michah Barendse
- tpr3: Thomas Roethenbaugh - Possible QA lead (TBD)
- wia14: Will Abbott - Possible team lead deputy

3. Someone in the team must take ownership of SE.QA.04 and be clear on what is needed
Thomas Roethenbaugh & Will Abbott have taken responsibilty for this task, Lance Sebastian will
be informed about what was discussed on the discord.
ACTION: tpr3, wia14, lvs1

4. Everyone must watch the Panopto recording on how to build the UI specification.
ACTION: ALL
- abd15: Adbdullah Durrani (DONE)
- biy1: Bilal Yousufzai (UNKOWN)
- jab153: Jack Book (UNKOWN)
- lvs1: Lance Sebastian (UNKOWN)
- mjs36: Michael Stamp (DONE)
- mib60: Michah Barendse (DONE)
- tpr3: Thomas Roethenbaugh (DONE)
- wia14: Will Abbott (DONE)

5. one or two people to read SE.QA.06 and to 
Plan made and both have agreed to start immediately.
ACTION: ABD15, MIB60

6. One or two people to try starting to program the on-screen display: 
Michael Stamp will start experimenting with JavaFX and wait for design.
ACTION: LVS1, MJS36, TPR3

New business 
============
1. Decide on tools to use for UI e.g. Figma, Fluid UI, Canva
Decided to use Figma and Canva for the design.
ACTION: TPR3, WIA14, LVS1

2. Decide on tools for code e.g. IntelliJ, Visual Studio
Decided to use IntelliJ for all programing.
ACTION: ALL

3. Decide on documentation tools e.g. LaTeX, Microsoft Word Maybe
Argument over Word vs LaTeX, decided to use what people prefer and resolve issue
at the end of the project.
ACTION: ALL

4.  Add discord integration
Is now working on Discord, every time somone pushes to the repo the discord is updated.
ACTION: MJS36

AOB 
=== 
NONE
