Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Supplementary Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: Group study room 8, Tuesday 8th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh
Date of minutes: 8/2/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- abd15: Abdullah Durrani
- biy1: Bilal Yousufzai
- jab153: Jack Book
- lvs1: Lance Sebastian
- mjs36: Michael Stamp
- mib60: Michah Barendse
- tpr3: Thomas Roethenbaugh
- wia14: Will Abbott

Matters arising 
===============
1. Will & Mike's speeches
ACTION: wia14, mjs36
DONE

2. Vote for the team lead
ACTION: wia14, mjs36
Mike elected as team lead, Will now deputy team lead

3. Go over the responsibilities of QA lead & QA deputy (blogs, minutes, etc)
ACTION: tpr3
DONE

4. Go over each deadline for the project
ACTION: tpr3
DONE

5. Ask Jack what he wants to do this week
ACTION: jab153
Jack is now working alongside Will and Lance to complete the UI documents
as well as work with Bilal to research other implementations of chess so
we get a better grasp of what kinds of data structures and algorithms we
will need.

6. Decide who will work on the presentation & make it clear what they need 
to do as well as when they need to do it by.
ACTION: wia14, lvs1, jab153
Discussed deadlines and what will be required by the team. Jack added to the
UI team.

7. UML diagrams
ACTION: biy1, jab153
Bilal will work on the UML diagrams, figuring out what kinds of classes, 
methods and other parts about the structure of the program.

8. Sebastianâ€™s Use Case diagram for the UI document
ACTION: lvs1
DONE

9. Shared calendar/Emailing events
ACTION: tpr3
Team was informed about how they will now be notified about deadlines and 
events from now on.

AOB 
=== 
NONE
