Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Supplementary Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except Will Abbott & Lance Sebastian
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Tuesday 15th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 15/2/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- abd15: Abdullah Durrani
- biy1: Bilal Yousufzai
- jab153: Jack Book
- lvs1: Lance Sebastian
- mjs36: Michael Stamp
- mib60: Michah Barendse
- tpr3: Thomas Roethenbaugh
- wia14: Will Abbott

Matters arising 
===============
1. UI specification
We went through what needed to be covered and what other use cases
needed to be added.
ACTION: ALL

2. List of goals of what everyone is doing
Gave an overiew of what each person's task is and also listed each team
for this week.

UI - WIA14, TPR3, LVS1, JAB153
TESTING - MIB60, ABD15
DEV - MJS36, BIY1

ACTION: ALL

New business 
============
1. Add example users
ACTION: WIA14

2. Make use case list unified
ACTION: WIA14

3. Add more use cases
ACTION: TPR3

4. List of each error condition
ACTION: WIA14, TPR3

5. Use case diagram (this should be done last)
ACTION: JAB153

6. User Interface Specification mini-review
ACTION: WIA14, TPR3, JAB153, LVS1, MJS36

7. Visual UI (presentation)
ACTION: JAB153

8. Slides for each use case (presentation)
ACTION: JAB153

9. Fill the Software Engineering Test Specifications FR test table
ACTION: MIB60, ABD15

10. Fill test specification with use cases
ACTION: MIB60, ABD15

11. Start code project
ACTION: MJS36, BIY1

12. Algorithms & data structures research/presentation
ACTION: ABD15

AOB 
=== 
NONE
