Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Supplementary Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except WIA14
Place and date of meeting: Group study room 8, Tuesday 1st March 2023 
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh
Date of minutes: 1/3/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. New game plan
- Test spec still needs more work
- New teams created and broadly split into two groups: Coding & documentation
ACTION: ALL

New business 
============
2. Sections
- Backend (algorithims, board, arrays)
- Frontend (GUI)
ACTION: ALL

3. Sub teams
- Testing/Unit Testing: LVS1, ABD15, TPR3
- Backend: MIB60, MJS36, BIY1
- GUI: ABD15, MJS36
- XML: MIB60
- Documentation: TPR3, JAB153, MJS36, WIA14

Backend is main priority for this week, code needs to be figured out so that
the documentation team can start work on the design document.
ACTION: ALL

AOB 
=== 
NONE
