Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Integration week day 5
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: Group study room 6/C56, Friday 5th May 2023 
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh
Date of minutes: 5/5/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Code review
- Went through every class a question for
code review
- Some minor changes were needed
- After changes the code passed all tests
ACTION: TPR3, LVS1

2. Repository repair
- Going through blogs
- Going through all minutes 
- Updating weekly hours
ACTION: TPR3

3. Design doc diagrams
- All diagrams updated
- Sequence diagrams added
ACTION: JAB153, WIA14, LVS1, TPR3

4. Maintenance manual
- Maintenance manual completed by dev
and document team
ACTION: JAB153, WIA14, MJS36

5. Update UI spec
- UI presentation updated
- UI spec updated
ACTION: JAB153, WIA14, MJS36, MIB60

5. Updated README file
- README file updated
ACTION: MJS36

AOB 
=== 
none
