Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Integration week day 2
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: Group study room 5, Tuesday 2nd May 2023 
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh
Date of minutes: 2/5/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Get replays working
- Dev team worked together to get replays working
with the game gui
ACTION: MJS36, BIY1, MIB60, ABD15

2. Get saving and loading working with gui
- Dev team got saving and loading game state for 
both replays and continuing games working with 
the game gui
ACTION: MJS36, BIY1, MIB60, ABD15

3. Create system test classes
- Classes created
- Checkmate and check classes completed
- Promotion started
ACTION: LVS1, TPR3

4. Bug fixing
- Remove pawn during promotion
- Unit test errors fixed
- Design flaw for popup
- Replay error fixed
ACTION: MJS36, BIY1, MIB60, TPR3, ABD15

5. Test program on university pc
- Tested program on university pc
- Some imports needed
- Errors found with replays & promotion
ACTION: MJS36, TPR3, JAB153

6. Commenting code and fixing warnings
- Going through each class to remove warnings
& comment code that has not been commented (issue #70)
ACTION: ABD15

7. Work on component diagram
- Discussed with dev team and Chris what would be needed
- Component diagram nearly finished
ACTION: JAB153

8. Class diagram updates
- Class diagram was updated as the dev team made changes
to the code
ACTION: WIA14

AOB 
=== 
none
