Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: Integration week day 1
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: Group study room 6, Monday 1st May 2023 
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh
Date of minutes: 1/5/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Refactoring board gui
- Board gui and game gui classes refactored, seperated into
different classes to avoid god classes
- Created packages to keep seperated classes organised
- Code commenting
- Removal of warnings
ACTION: MJS36, BIY1, MIB60

2. Remake EnPassant unit tests
- Attempted to create new unit tests, issue with EnPassant 
class discovered
ACTION: TPR3

3. Fix castling issues and checkmate unit tests
- Castling issues fixed, unit tests re-created
- Checkmate issue spotted, unit tests checked
ACTION: MIB60, BIY1

4. Systems tests report
- Systems tests report created and formatted correctly, now
ready for systems tests to be completed
ACTION: ABD15

5. Look over all unit tests
- All unit tests checked and finished
ACTION: LVS1, TPR3

6. Create systems tests classes
- Progress started on systems tests classes
ACTION: LVS1

7. Chess piece art
- Chess piece art created and added to game
ACTION: WIA14

8. Component and class diagram updates for design doc
- Discussion with dev team as changes were made so design doc
remained accurate
ACTION: WIA14, JAB153

AOB 
=== 
none
