Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: User interface specification review
Persons present: TPR3, LVS1, WIA14, MJS36, JAB153, ABD15
Place and date of meeting: Group study room 4, Thursday 27th April 2023 
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Abdullah Durrani
Date of minutes: 27/04/23 
Version: 1.0

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Review standards checklist A (SE.QA.07)
- Question 1: FAILED
- Question 2: PASSED
- Question 3: PASSED
- Question 4: PASSED
- Question 5: PASSED
- Question 6: PASSED

- 5/6 passed overall
ACTION: TPR3, MJS36

2. Review standards checklist B (SE.QA.07)
- Question 1: FAILED
- Question 2: PASSED
- Question 3: PASSED
- Question 4: FAILED
- Question 5: PASSED
- Question 6: PASSED
- Question 7: PASSED
- Question 8: PASSED
- Question 9: PASSED

- 7/9 passed overall
ACTION: TPR3, MJS36

New business 
============
1. Fix Date
- Just Fix the date to the one where it is last edited
ACTION: TPR3

2. Fix Certain UCs 
- Fix the incorrect Use Cases 15, 3 , 11
ACTION: TPR3

AOB 
=== 
NONE
