Project: Group Project 02 
Meeting: User interface specification review
Persons present: TPR3, LVS1, WIA14, MJS36, JAB153
Place and date of meeting: Group study room 2, Tuesday 27th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Thomas Roethenbaugh 
Date of minutes: 27/2/23 
Version: 1.1

Team:
- ABD15: Abdullah Durrani QA Manager (deputy)
- BIY1: Bilal Yousufzai
- JAB153: Jack Book
- LVS1: Lance Sebastian
- MJS36: Michael Stamp Team Leader
- MIB60: Michah Barendse
- TPR3: Thomas Roethenbaugh QA Manager
- WIA14: Will Abbott Team Leader (deputy)

Matters arising 
===============
1. Review standards checklist A (SE.QA.07)
- Passed all questions
ACTION: TPR3, MJS36

2. Review standards checklist B (SE.QA.07)
- Question 1: PASSED
- Question 2: PASSED
- Question 3: PASSED
- Question 4: PASSED
- Question 5: PASSED
- Question 6: PASSED
- Question 7: PASSED
- Question 8: PASSED
- Question 9: PASSED

- 9/9 passed overall
ACTION: TPR3, MJS36

New business 
============
3. UI spec minor fixes
- Full stops on some error conditions & use cases
- Third person on the introduction
- Change remove peice to 'capturing' 
- UC09 changed to 'indicating with a circle'

4. Presentation minor fixes
- If possible before tutorial, add page numbers to presentation
- If possible before tutorial, add titles to use case sections

AOB 
=== 
NONE
